			  The Idea Exchange
		   Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)
		 Written by Descartes of Borg 941001
			Last Modified: 941012

Questions answered in this FAQ:
1. What is The Idea Exchange?
2. Does The Idea Exchange develop a mudlib or driver?
3. How do I get a directory?
4. What sort of projects does The Idea Exchange support?
5. Can I work on XXX ?
6. Can I edit XXX ?
7. Where are the buletin boards?


1. What is The Idea Exchange?
The Idea Exchange is exactly that, a starting place for the
free-flowing exchange of multi-user domain related ideas.  The concept
goes beyond the concept of MUDs as games, but instead embraces all
uses of MUDs using any software.

2. Does The Idea Exchange develop a mudlib or driver?
No.  The Idea Exchange is not tied to any mudlib or driver, except
insofar as it must make use of some driver/mudlib combination in order
to exist.  The Idea Exchange is neither a mudlib nor driver
development site.  However, development and expression of your own
ideas is very much encouraged.

3. How do I get a directory?
Type "mkdir ~".  We have an unenforced 50k quota.  This means
you will not get zapped if you hit 51k.  However, if you abuse this
policy, you will lose your priveledges.

4. What sort of projects does The Idea Exchange support?
Initially, we plan to create a place where people can gather and
develop freely.  In conjunction with the Imaginary project, future
lans involve teaching, the MUD Olympics, MUD conferences (both
regional and global).  The distant future holds plans for a non-profit
organization which will maintain MUD sites for developing and
production MUDs. 

5. Can I work on XXX ?
In general the answer is yes.
One of the main goals of IdeaExchange is to promote new and better ways
of writing mudlib code (and of course, improve the place in the process ...)
So if you have an idea of how something could be done better, feel free
to try it out and show it to an admin.  However, see the next question.

6. Can I edit XXX ?
In general, the answer is no, simply because things get disorganized if
too many people are editing the main files.  However, most things can
be done elsewhere as well.  Copy the relevant file to your directory
and make the necessary changes, then show it to an admin.

7. Where are the buletin boards?
IdeaExchange doesn't use buletin boards.  Instead, it has a central news
server that clients can be written for.
Current clients: rn
